[Music]
a Oh
[Applause]
k
[Music]
[Applause]
H [Music] [
Music] H [
Music] [
Applause] [
Music] [Music
] [
Applause]
ch [
Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music]
bu [Music] [
Music] [
Music]
Oh [Music] Oh Oh [Music] [Music]
Good afternoon family How are we?
I hope you're enjoying the
weekend Well, the truth is that I'm
very sorry to be the bearer of
very bad news, very bad news,
for my taste, very bad, honestly, eh, I didn't
count on this today, honestly, I didn't
count on appearing here until
tomorrow, okay, today we have a video for the
main channel that I was recording
last night, honestly, quite a
lot. Let's see, it's about gossip, eh No, no, no, it's not
about, it's not about cool stuff, it's about  salsa
well because I feel obliged to
talk about a
subject that I would have preferred not to talk about
but well I feel obliged to have
made that video for the
main channel okay it will be a strong video
and I don't know what time it will be okay I think it will
be late because it is long but as far as
live shows and all that goes Look,
I'm with my voice that I still haven't
started the day okay Javi you couldn't
convince Fran to put aside his pride
for once and ask Elon Mask for the
money to pay him damn it but
let's see isn't that the
problem The problem basically the
money the money has basically been
obtained no eh
100% of what is asked has not been obtained But well
surely eh with the with the
help and with the support of all the people
who adore and love the sanctuary
Well I could have paid whatever it was
because eh let's see whatever it was in
a bad way imagine As simple
as instead of paying it all at once in
this Okay, then next month people
renew and get paid again okay but that's
the problem  It's that this lady will
gradually
increase the amount, meaning she'll ask you for
20 and you go there with the 20 and she'll
ask you for 30 when she sees that you give her the
30 then she'll ask you for 50 when she's going to
give you the sanctuary papers you
understand
So it's not going to be possible to negotiate it's not going to be
negotiated Look I got
this clip here I got this clip here
and it's a clip that's been
bad fear that now after this afternoon
tonight the agreement well the
agreement that's on the way [ __ ] will go down
[ __ ] will go down
the civil guard is going to drag me out of here
hooked to a pole there's civil guard if
she doesn't [ __ ] with me It's a joke damn
civil guard No if I tell you one thing if
these animals have to get out of here
okay instead of bad okay eh yesterday there was a
chicken just when Ah yes I Yesterday I wasn't live
okay I was going to tell you
right when I finished But of course I was
n't yesterday Yesterday I wasn't live Yesterday I
was  recording the video for the
main channel and when I
finished I don't know if it was 4 in the morning
3:30 4 in the morning I don't remember okay
and I don't remember what time it was but we're
finishing the video for the main channel
[Music] I
went to bed I was checking my
phone yes I remembered Fran last
night well you know I'm getting
notifications for the videos and such
also yesterday Look we uploaded yesterday on
the main channel the video no eh of
farewell of the closing no of this one of
this last trip and it was practically to
put the finishing touch no to this one to
this visit and and we put in the last
click which was where they were dancing the la arabes of
chill and and they were celebrating Well that they had
gotten 27000 e
27,000 Oh sorry It's true there's the
Zorro sign Sorry
27,000 memberships okay of course we gave it
that closing and when I'm just in
bed already checking my phone to go to fall
asleep
okay Fran put that Twin I don't call him and the
whole thing  this one no and he was already
telling me I haven't seen the video that he
uploaded okay I haven't seen the video that he
uploaded So I don't know how far
Fran has told I'm going to wait and I'm going to watch the
video here with you to see how far he
bought Uy how far he bought
Oh I'm asleep man I just woke up dude I just
woke up
buddy I ate junk food here I
ate junk food
to
uh I ate junk food to be able to
connect because later at night I'm
meeting up with Enrique and the family
to watch La Movida I don't know how far
Fran has told
but I have seen a clip on Twitter
no and I think he told about
yesterday's chicken okay yesterday there was a chicken when I went to
pick up the girl and also There are
certain problems let's say with the
negotiations or basically as we
expected no
negotiation problems okay So what else
had he said was that with the money raised he will
rent other land because he can't
leave Thailand since his daughter is
there eh man of course you can't
leave Thailand you can't leave
m he has  counted, she hasn't counted it, let's
see, the sanctuary is lost, okay,
the sanctuary is
practically lost, it's very sad news.
I didn't believe that it was going to be
lost, eh, I mean, I know that
a lot of people were considering this possibility and that a lot of
people were going to say that, when that, when I
go and sign, she's going to change the
amount, you all said that a lot, eh, but I
honestly thought that we're not going to, I
honestly thought that she was going to take what
was raised,
even if it was a little less than what she
asked for. Why? Well, because the [ __ ] it's not
hers because she didn't buy it from her
and when you get 140, 150,000 bucks from
something that you didn't buy, you didn't
work for it, you that's not yours, damn, well, it's
[ __ ] great. And also, because the
Tele5 thing is worth it, I mean, in a way, the
Telec thing is worth it. And don't get me wrong
because obviously I don't
like people talking badly about my friend, okay. I don't
like people talking more about my colleague and I
know that they're going to want to
destroy him and that  They're going to tell him that he's a
violent abuser and all that stuff,
no, but that would be a bull that I'll
fight. Come on, okay, that one right now,
look at how things are. No, let them
start throwing [ __ ] at Fran and
calling him violent, a bad husband and all
that [ __ ], no, what will they do and what are the
campaigns that they always do, it would be the
lesser evil right now, okay? Why?
Because we're worried right now. The
sanctuary, okay, apart from that, of course, his
family issue with his children is
obviously the first thing, but we want to get
the sanctuary back. Okay, we don't give a damn about what they say on
TV, what they say on TV, then it will be
a bull that we'll see coming and we'll fight it,
but I didn't think the point of them
paying him was bad. I'm going to explain why.
Because that specific program pays
a lot, okay, that specific program
pays a lot. What I got was what I
got was that they're
trying to buy a
package in which Yuji will give several
interviews. Okay, and it's slowly
rising in level, okay. I understand
that the first one is by video call.
report in Thailand is recorded in
Thailand and the collaborators
react to it in Plato, they've done this,
okay, they did it with the, they did it with
the sister of Ewin Arrieta, I don't
know if you remember,
okay, and then she ends up coming to
Spain with an interview in
Plato, okay, then of course, I say, look, on the
one hand, she's grabbing the cent, I don't know in
euros, in the end, how much is 130, 140? Maybe
what was done in
Kick, 130, 140, could be
something that she hasn't bought or
worked on, you know, I mean, she's grabbing
that, she's grabbing the TV thing, and
out and
out, Alliance to stop watching Tele5. I've
seen that, for example, Dallas posted a
tweet, eh, that it would be interesting. Yes, it would be interesting,
no, um,
Ah, but I don't know if Tele5 would
care much, no, eh. Like putting a
little bit of pressure on there,
look, eh, but let's see, honestly, in that
sense, in that sense, I don't know if it makes
much sense, I don't
know if it would make much sense, not like
blaming Tele5 for anything,
okay, in the end it's a medium  who wants to
have it laus ia no and if not and if and if
they don't do it they will
She's going to do it for free on her
Instagram account eh or she's going to do it or it's going to be in
a Thai media or it's going to be in
a on another channel she did it the other day in
the world no So that is something that I
think cannot be stopped okay we can
not see it we can't not see it
and but of course what's the point of not seeing it if
we are going to we are going to go in to
see at some point to see what she
said because we are involved in
this story and and we are going to see what it is
So in that sense
eh Let's see I don't know eh tell me your
opinion But for me the priority
right now man Let's see I don't know if you see it the
same as me okay eh For me the
sanctuary is a sacred site although I don't
know if I don't know if it would be the definition of
sacred Let's see it is something very for me
personally a very important place
in my life very significant okay it has
a meaning
eh It's going to hurt me if it
disappears no Then eh of course the
priority here would be  eh a solution
for
that a solution for that Of course
for Fran too eh Well there is the other
priority which is of course HM eh
worry no and and make sure that
the situation with the
children is okay no and everything is in order and everything is
fixed and such No how sad the truth
How sad did you see what happened with Gref Yes yes yes what happened
with Gref yes I have retweeted it both Gref
and Dallas have already confirmed that they are going
there they will meet no they don't meet they do
n't
meet Plus Fran's health man
of course already but I mean in the
subject in the subject in
the subject there there would be would have to
find the
solution no of course the first
priority is the subject of the children okay
and that zorro can
a lot of people from soccer teams have written to me from people from
soccer teams okay I don't know I couldn't
tell you about that my nose
keeps itching a lot tarantula and it
bothers me and I blow my nose a lot I'm
going to call Torrino on Monday do you
understand or not I mean eh that zorro can
return to his stability and to his and
his soccer and so on many teams wrote to me
Like  offering to say that if
fox for whatever reason has problems, that they will
find him a team, that they will
find him a team and that Sen will be
there with his father well and all that
nonsense. In
short, we will have to see, we will have to
see. The truth is that the, the
solution regarding the sanctuary is very
complicated. I'm being
honest with you, the situation regarding the
sanctuary is very, very, very complicated
because there's no money for buying another piece of land, there's
no money for
that. The lady has sorted her life out
and
so much, but her life hasn't sorted herself out, she's
burned hers, she's burned
other people's, she's
burned other people's because
just like she burned the 170,000 bucks
that Fran was giving her to
keep in a safe and she's
burned them, she's going to burn this, she's going to
burn it. This is going to burn what they
pay her on
TV. We have to keep donating, let's see.
Regarding the donations, I understand
that of course he will need
Fran to be able to
cover, okay, to fight, and so
until he has it sorted, I told him
last night that no  even said it in public
I told him last night not to say anything in
public and that he should
try even though it's very complicated no
Although it's very complicated but to
try to clear his mind a bit no And when
or rather you think things through better eh with
the passing of the hours no with the passing of
the days thinking a bit more calmly
a bit more clearly no because we'll have to
see what possible
solutions there are and what would be the best of
those
possibilities because maybe we have
a solution right under our noses that we don't
know you know I don't know maybe we can
buy a piece of land that's smaller
eh but of course I don't understand I don't understand
how much it is what money we're
talking about and what price we're
talking about I don't understand what
money we're talking about you know I'm just
talking to you just for the sake of it okay What I do
know is that of course in the sanctuary all
the land around is being
sold okay it's being sold And
then Yuji has seen that it's being
sold okay And it's country land
but I mean it's not the city eh I mean that's
like if I tell you I don't know
what example to give you in Spain but
Frank doesn't  I had like two years to
pay Well, it's changed, it's
changed, Mr. equi, the
conditions have changed, it's that I don't know to what extent
Fran has told but
many conditions have changed, let's say many
conditions have changed, I don't know to what
extent I'm going to, I'm going to watch Fran's video
now, I don't know to what extent he has told It's that I don't want to tell you
something that
maybe
eh No, I don't want to tell you something that maybe he hasn't
told you but that
the conditions have changed, he
has said that, several have not changed Let's
see, I don't know what, what money
we're talking about to buy the shame of a
woman, to lose the trust of her
children because of greed Karma is going to come to her, I do
n't even think it's
a matter of greed,
eh forgive me for blowing my nose so much
but you know that I'm not well,
okay, with the operation, it's not
even a
matter of greed, man, it's a matter of that she
needs some time
because she has a situation, she
and anyway, you know
and it's
bad for
me, for me she's a person who is not
well, I don't know  To what extent evil eh I don't
know, I don't know to what extent evil
I understand that evil also comes
from the person who is next to you No
because yes if you are with a person
who is not well you are helping them
get their life back on track
No obviously none of us are owners of
another's life but I understand that for
your loved ones you are not going to advise them
and you are getting them out of any hole or
thing I mean I don't know the truth is that I don't know to what
extent it is Yuye's evil or or
illness You know why I don't see it either I
am not justifying it eh Nor am I
defending it I am trying to find
one you know I mean it's that later you see it
and you don't see a person who in this
attack is doing things
calculated well and is taking steps in
conditions no no one day they say red
tomorrow they say yellow suddenly
yellow is yellow But phosphorous you
know a bad person has the
most calculated things today
is declaring Yuye legally incapable would
solve the problem of the
ownership of the
sanctuary I don't think one
thing has to do with the other
no I don't know at least here in Spain I
think  that people can have
problems and can have And that doesn't mean
that their properties are
theirs but man you have to be a little
ashamed you have to be a little
ashamed that everyone knows it's
not yours and that you're doing this
knowing that it's not yours that you haven't
paid for it that you haven't
worked for it It's also not the
sanctuary It's not simply an eh
material thing another
entry in
jail wouldn't hurt him he would be in jail if it weren't
for Fran
eh he would still be because if he hadn't had
Fran fighting outside I
don't know the truth is that
right now we control our anger a little we control it
a little too okay I think that
Fran What he needs are good vibes
okay I mean more than more than starting to
complain like [ __ ] What
bad teas we're going to burn ground you know I mean I
think that what we should
convey to Fran and make him feel is
that solutions let's think of solutions come
from here we get out
eh Spain is with Fran Spain and a large
part of the planet so
solutions solutions okay solutions in
his house I mean solutions in his house
solutions that
solutions that that that are
good solutions that are good okay
For example  what had I thought okay
look eh but of course I don't know if heo I
'm setting an example
eh what I had to think is that the
same house the same house or rather the same
land or rather building something
like building something like his house,
building a house where he lives
with his children sacrificing his entire
family for money will
hit him like a ton of
concrete and more for money for what for what he
wants
money or in other words that the house that the house
is in some way that his house
was in a part of the sanctuary
please do another cco days with the
youtubers we need to be able to
buy another land for another
sanctuary wait let's see don't
go crazy don't go crazy This is not
eh This is not about Come on then
let's do another crowdfunding boom Okay right now there are
some profits not
some subscribers on Kick okay eh
right now there are some subscribers on kiik eh
that are there that Fran will collect it the day
that kiik is collected I don't know what day
Kick is collected but I understand that it will be in the middle
of  next month more or less I don't know
the truth no I haven't kept track because
c Kick to pay me 4 or 5 euros Okay
then I don't know when he'll get it But
well apart from when he gets it
apart from when he gets it well as they go by the
first day
Pablo gets paid that is in approximately
two weeks Fran gets that money but
apart from getting that money I understand
that in the following months there will be
people
renewing So not all because
most are gifts I don't know if 80%
are gifts but there will be a lot of people
renewing you know if Frank has looked at something
it's a hustle and bustle for the animals but to make
another sanctuary the problem with the
house is that the land is made of weeds and I don't
know how it is there but here you can't
build without the approval of the owner
and more bureaucracy there No there no There's no
such thing there there's no such thing there you
buy your land And you can build you
don't have to ask for those
building permits such as that talking to chi one day we'll
see there are
some There are things planned let's
watch Fram's video does it seem like because it's that I do
n't know  as far as he has told you and I
want to tell you something here but there are
things thought out but in terms of money, okay, that's it,
eh When when things are
calmer, calmer, more thought out and more
planned, okay, imagine, eh Hey, look,
we found a place, eh, a little
smaller, no, and we're going to, we're going to do it
here, the sanctuary, now we're going to start
here, okay. And now they maybe need
someone to help them transport
the animals and change their location
and when they think about it, okay, I'm
making it up. And then once
they think about it, okay, well, I imagine
that Fran, if he needs help, well,
he'll say it, okay, but I think that for
now, well, that's just been done,
those 5 days of live, not with
that collection, which will be very useful. And
what I can tell you is that, well,
whenever you want to support what's
coming, well, the subscriptions are there,
okay, the kik subscriptions are there, you
can also become a member of his channel,
watch his videos, and renew it every month,
renew it every month, there's no negotiating with
coca-cola lovers.  you've made a
mistake you've made a mistake let's
see it's when someone is
so close to your family so trustworthy well
you think that you see them with different
eyes you know you see them as part of your
family literally someone from your house
so let's watch the video We're
talking Just to
talk let's talk about the video
we're talking just to talk
[Music] you
're not seeing anything there It seems like it's going to
rain it's been raining the
last the last two days
a lot I'm going to say it again but it
seems incredible to me can you
believe that in the end I didn't see I didn't go into the
lake I didn't go to the
lake I didn't go to the lake
man I went in one to the other I got involved with this with
that pin Pam and I didn't go to the lake
the other day man yeah eh you
're not seeing anything there It seems like it's going
to rain it's been raining the
last the last two days a lot
Ah several little things guys it's not going to be
a very long live
But why didn't you go in because
we were busy with one thing with the
other thing the last day Fran got
a little down he was a
little sad and we were talking that  It's
not there we didn't do Almost almost nothing The
last day if you notice we did
almost
nothing
just to tell you that
sometimes sometimes you win and sometimes you
lose in this
case well I lose I lose And now
[Music]
it's impossible to deal with these
people you can't deal with what you've tried in a
thousand ways you can't deal They already
started yesterday to say yes lawyers yes yes yes
strange things I've heard about things that no that it's that there's
no need to even
comment on them but
lawyers basically the
sanctuary land can be
sold for a very good price right now
and the sanctuary is going to
disappear the sanctuary is going to
disappear and it's going to be converted into
small plots eh into small plots that people are
going to build houses Okay and I was
going to plant
tomatoes
okay I have a
rental contract until
[Music]
December which gives me time to
look for
solutions I've been talking to my
children with the three cen since the day before
yesterday she's been living in a house here in
Bangkok and I'm in Bangkok right now 4
months when she sees herself alone and about to
die she'll remember this and now this
strong  eh is it possible to do one in
Australia in 3 to 5
years, let's see that the daughter is in Thailand?
The daughter has her life in
Thailand. If it's possible to do it in
the savannah, you know where? I know that
's not possible. It would be here in Spain. Here
in Spain, this would be completely
unfeasible because of 1000 things, 1000
taxes that Spain takes, 1000
bureaucratic procedures that would have to be
done, permits and a lot of things, I mean,
in Spain it wouldn't be viable, okay, but
in other parts of the world, of course, I
imagine that there would be a lot of things,
but let's see. It's not like that, it's
easy,
eh, I know it's a lot of work. There's a
problem with the animals, there's
a problem,
eh, which is changing their
habitat, you know, it's changing their habitat,
above all. I would say that there's a problem
with the birds. Fran, who
is the one who knows, will explain this, no, but above all, there's
a problem with the
birds that are going to lose their way. Of course,
Paloma and Luca are in the sanctuary
and I will be coming and going
all this time.  I'm going to be going and
[Music]
coming but you have to start from
scratch there are
times in
life when you have to admit that you lose no
and sadly I did wrong I
did wrong because I trusted I
trusted a person who when he got out
of jail was fine he was very fine
eh of
course and then In fact there is a
video there is a video dude but I wouldn't
know I wouldn't know how to find the video
MMM
[Music]
how do I find that let's
see the sanctuary is about 4
years old tell me
luares luar it's a video
eh it's the video where Fran buys the
sanctuary where Yuji appears with the
papers I understand
that I understand that we're going to 4 years of
course around here we have a
year Around here we have 3 years look here
is Fran recording in the shelter you see it
Look this is the shelter you see it Shelter Shelter
look here he starts to have the
sanctuary look
see almost all the videos A
shelter in 7 days we open the sanctuary
look here is the theme you
see look look
the baby otters
new house
chipas there was a video dude
the new s Box and the  anti-cheat to
support him what nonsense are you
talking about here there is no truth eh I
mean when mixing eh the
ridiculous sides I mean really your life
is centered on feminist not feminist whoever does
not think like me is a fascist Nazi and I don't
know what I don't know how much give us a walk damn [ __ ] you
are J
cuter let's see I would say
that man it is that no no it is not it is not The
pendulum of life no it is not the axis of
life
no [ __ ] nonsense really what you have in your
[ __ ] head you have [ __ ] Let's see let's
see eh I think it's
this one no
[Music]
What's up
guys you can see that the fence
is practically finished we
only have one area to close which is 20
Met because we are still putting
things in behind okay And what we're going to
do is that with the drone I'm going to
explain to you the things that are here with what we've been
doing No this is not
this is not
LoL Look look look look look look
this is not this is not It's
one that she came out with the papers
in the
hand It's one that she came out with the
papers
in her
hand when she
bought it but let's go over here that's what
happens in fact it seems to me that she was in
the miniature of her with the
papers over there she has it Yes yes it is over here
but in fact it seems to me that
she was with the papers in her hand eh
But well it's the same it doesn't matter it doesn't matter well
after a while
especially since my new
sanctuary What's up guys Well
we're on our way I'm already on our way to
the Promised Land and you'll ask
What is the Promised Land Well it's
the land where we're going to set up the
sanctuary okay we're already
mortgaged we're already screwed we've already screwed up
But well it's a project
that the truth is that for
many years I had it in my head
obviously I had to wait for the
right moment And at the moment How is all this I have
come with an agent who are the people who
have to give me the permits to
set up here the place we're going to
This goes you know how it works
[ __ ] Look at the sanctuary with
nothing but it was one that she came out with
the papers since the beginning of this year it has
n't been so good and right now Well they're
already talking  they're
talking about lawyers and they're talking about very ugly things Yesterday
I went to pick up my daughter from
the compound
because she was coming to live in the new house and they
didn't let me into the
compound. I'm banned from entering
now she's banned too. Well, I
went, I went to pick her up, I couldn't get in, it was
for Joy, I couldn't get in either,
they wouldn't let
Zorro in and in the end they wouldn't let
Zorro in either. I mean, when she went to pick up
the girl, when she went to pick up the
girl, it turns out that Yuji lives in a
huge house. I mean, don't think he
lives in a little apartment, like, a half-timbered house,
half a kilo, half a kilo house, eh,
in Thailand and he has a security guard
and such in the Urbanization, whatever you
call it. He had orders to the guards
not to let Fran in to pick up
the
girl. He tried to, he tried to
enter, Zorro and Zorro couldn't get in anymore.
Eh, that's how it is. Eh, well,
obviously, I said, well, if I can't get
in to look for my daughter because she's alone,
then I'll call the police and say that my
daughter is alone and that  I fear for her
well-being and anything that happens to her I'm
going to hold the guards responsible
In the end they agreed to come the guard
got in my
car he came with me zen was
waiting with all the suitcases and
everything outside the house alone a work of art
of incomparable and incalculable
greatness yes
Pablo
Yes the truth is that it is a work
that shouldn't be lost but it is going to be
lost there was nobody there
obviously and we managed to get her to come
eh a very ugly thing a very ugly thing
ok seen what I've seen I don't want to have
any dealings with this person I know that he's
going to go to Spain to do interviews
and he's going to give me a hard time but well
what I said the other day can get to me anyone can give me a
hard time anyone can talk whatever they want I
may have done better or worse
but in life you have several things that
you have to do And if you're a father
you have to be a good father try whatever it
takes to make your children well I've
done it I'm going to continue doing it and the
important thing for me is that this morning I
spoke with all three of them and all three of them
told me get out of there
dad it's that So I'm leaving  there
[Music]
Ah J exactly Tamara Tamara Martn
Murillo says I became a member and I don't
think I'll cancel the subs and I hope that
many of the free subs will be renewed. The
thing about the free subs, eh, it's
harder to renew because
maybe it has reached people who are
Kiik users and don't even know what it's about. I do
n't know how, I don't know how they
will work with the
free subs, but it is true and there are
many of us, okay. Yes, it is true and there are
many of us, as the situation is
right now, okay. And we have to
recreate. Fran has to recreate. This,
okay,
and no, as far as possible, okay, those of you who
can,
don't remove the members, okay, let's see
what's going on and what
Fran needs, don't remove the
members that you have on YouTube and that you
have in. If you don't know how to become members,
on Kik, here you can become members,
okay, it shows me an advantage because I
am obviously a member, but here it
will say join, okay, here next to the
name  of the Channel and the
subscribe button will let you join look here
it says become a member also see it you click it to
be a member okay Well we
'll see what I know Fran will
communicate with what he needs because what he
needs well we'll see what we
can do what he
needs well we'll
see okay But anyway Hey
a lot has been achieved not
much has been achieved let's make one last effort and
let's hold on Now when
the end of the month comes we'll renew it which
are four shines not J much
[Music] it
sucks a lot for many
reasons but it is what it is and sometimes you have to
admit that you lose that you're not
going to
win and sometimes you have to admit
that maybe you've done bad things you've made
bad decisions you have to
build it too you have trusted
and maybe the other side sees it as if
what you're doing is normal and I'm going to
get into fights now I tell you I know that I know that there
will be interviews in
Spain I know that they are going to pay him a
[Applause]
money and Hey enjoy it enjoy it
all I know that  the next few months will be
up to me the thing about interviews
in Spain man eh I saw it let's see I
said it before okay no don't get me
wrong I
saw it taking into account Yuji's mind
okay I mean Yuji's situation
and and and How and how
I'm behaving the thing about the TV
the thing about the programs I saw it
as that Well look eh it could be used
for Yuji to grab money from Tele5 and
not put more pressure on
Fran that's what that's what I saw
V more yes it's going to put Fran in a bad light But
look in two days it happens you know that's a
bull that we'll already fight and dismantle
and I would listen or not okay
but she grabs the money and doesn't put
so much pressure on Fran but for
example she would take this from what has been
achieved in Kick and and outside What are you
saying about 25 million
Javier 25000 is not you can't negotiate
with terrorists What a shame kisses Sara it
's not 25000
the agreements have reached me  that they are
offering we are talking
about an average of 100,000 bucks well let's watch TV TV
something that I wanted from
the first moment that they
told me Look the info came to me
just when Fran dropped me off at the
airport in
Thailand and I connected to the
airport wifi there I knew okay because
because the whole way you know that I do
n't have I don't have a connection the whole
way worth the 3 hours you are on the
way that when they take me to the
airport I don't have a connection and when I finally
arrived at the airport in Thailand and I
connect to the Wii well that's when I start
receiving the WhatsApp calls and so on it
's an average of 100,000 it's an average of
100,000 what they are going to pay but of course
those from tele5 eh those from one of the
programs they wanted to make a
huge package of Cent
50 160,000 I don't know if it was an outrage
but of course a package Including the
children Fran the cousin from Murcia
who is over there feeding the
pigeons or whatever  it happens that this is
obviously impossible and I knew it from
the moment that of course I
realize that I had already recorded the
interview with Zorro although I hadn't
said it So when it arrived they
told me that they wanted the children I say
for the children it will be no but but
Yu Yes let's see from the first moment
I am clear that and Fran neither
obviously Fran if he has to
answer something he answers it on his channel Or
if not with me I say Don to Frank but I don't
see it logical that a media outlet pays 100k to
that Chinese woman because how will they recover that
money Well nationality and race don't matter Don't
get into that okay eh but
yeah man Of course the media outlet
recovers that money let's see but on
Fridays in that program those
amounts are paid eh
in that program those
amounts are paid I think the bidding was going to
start with 30,000, 40,000 euros but let's go those
on Fridays are going to pay
approximately 100,000 okay
[Music]
and what was I going to tell you I was going to tell you
something that I had from the first moment Of
course that  yes I was going to take it
eh I from the first from the first
moment I did have Of course that Yuji
was going to accept that it is not
confirmed yet eh that he has
accepted it that we are taking it for granted
but she has not reached me of
course that it is Confirmed eh that
she has taken it what happens is that
I am sure that if she is going to take it
why Well because the [ __ ] because she is
doing it for free on her
Instagram account the other day she did it in the other
Crnica she is going to
take it but if it is a lot of money No kiss beautiful
beautiful
if it is a lot of money it is going to be the
pull Javi they are going to call you to
go to the
tele5 interview Nancy a kiss so that I go
sit with the collaborators I don't
think so I don't think so but
come on Well look you know what I'm telling you it wouldn't
be bad because maybe I can ask him I
can ask him some questions that maybe
they don't ask him but I don't think so they have
never called me for that I don't
know the truth but come on I would have to
talk to Fran if he thinks it is good
or bad because it is his
family no I don't think arl that I
could
but but that I am sure that she does
accept I am sure that she would
accept let's say if she hasn't accepted it
yet because she is negotiating the
bed or something like that
Yes it is
true it is true it is
true But you know what I
was telling you the other day I
don't think
that I don't think that
is her main objective or her
motivation I don't think it
is to put frag green in the sense of
sinking his image I think that her
motivation is
money that obviously the thing about
destroying Fran's image and putting him
green the whole thing is well the
collateral damage is not what she has to
do to earn money
but I think the main motivation
or rather what moves her I think it is
money
money is money or rather money is
the priority before it is not like for
example there are other people that we have
seen that in fact they put the the
resentment no and the throwing down the image of their
ex-partner for And if they have to sink
themselves to sink him they sink
themselves No but in this case I
think that it is the money or  whether what he's after
is money and if not if I didn't
give him money he wouldn't say anything about Fran I don't know
if I'm
explaining myself I mean no no he wouldn't come to
Spain and not because he has the intention of
sinking Fran sinking Fran would say Fran
but he has the intention of money I
mean they're putting a lot of money in
front of him that I don't
see giving birth in many
[Music]
places I repeat while I
can say goodnight to my
children every night I'm happy and if I can say
good morning to them every morning I'm
happy
animal issue animal issue obviously
We with what
we raised which was more or less 4
and a half million
bats buy a land now it's out of is out of is
[Music]
out is out is out is out is out
we are solving looking for solutions
chi is right now looking at a land
that we could rent
to be able to put the bigger animals in I
tell you until Christmas until
December 31st I have this place
JC says you're gay not at the moment that I've
found out No why Why are you
interested in me JC
moment as far as I know  no eh I haven't
tried it either eh I haven't tried it
either at
all I know that there is a part that is already there I
know that there is a part of the sanctuary
that is no longer ours
and that's it it's a
part of the sanctuary that is
no longer
ours let's see this there are a lot of this a lot of
people didn't understand it but I'll explain it
okay It turns out that the
sanctuary is not one
land but four
lands I mean when they talk about selling us
a part there are a lot of people and I was the
first okay that understood it
For example Imagine
Amador Moedano's house no we were
talking about it recently Amador
Moedano's house the sister's half
okay but it's a contract it's a
property in the name of two
people okay the sanctuary not the
sanctuary are four
properties are four four
plots
okay be it but literally eh I mean it's not that there are
four parts in which
you divide your property No no no no
literally they are four properties I
mean imagine that in an urban
and me cu ch that are
together very strange things are being done
things that I don't like and outside So
until Christmas I have
time to move the
animals a little  a little while the shelter Andrs
is named
[Music]
Yu is going to be screwed because there are animals
that we are going to have to
take out sedated because it is very difficult to
catch a puppy for
example but we are looking into the
possibility right now I
tell you Ah no chi I call you chi tells me
no that the shelter is not in
her name Ah I thought that the shelter
was in man of her that I
missed you a lot that no no per vo LL
no I would not see you around
here anymore now yes What's up man how beautiful
that I'm going to listen around here because if I
hear you on the computer a lot okay
the shelter dude is it is safe that no no it is not in
the name of that is why the
idiot can't do anything the shelter In
whose name it is it cannot be said when I
say it to tell the bu I am not leaving I got involved
in those things but it is protected bu
now We are looking at things because at the
last minute the
plans have changed So we are going to tell
people to stay calm that the
shelter is not hers at least so that is it
And practically
probably the boys will leave so
don't tell people because they will
go crazy  then they're going to start
throwing hate and they're emp things we're
live they're listening to you Eh yes yes
listen to me But there are a lot of people who are going to
throw and what they're doing is throwing
ideas and a lot of what I suspect
It's that of the things that are changing
Because all the idiots who went to
comment on his Instagram in thing and
are giving him an idea that's what's
happening that he's saying quietly I would do
this I would do that and in the
end it's very important that you don't go to
Yuji's networks to bother it's very
important that you let people
solve things okay logically that I gave my
opinion on the YouTube videos and that you
put your opinion and that it is a
viral topic but always please do not give eh
bother or weapons or anything like that I mean do not be
disrespectful I did not insult And
above all do not bother
anyone's networks okay Do not bother anyone's networks
yes everything went rotten
the subject is not quite screwed up because what happens is that he
is tired he is very tired he was
defeated  does nothing has no gas anything That's what
I was saying that
since we saw each other coming I already have
a land that I offered to him what
happens is that here it's like you know I don't know
how to say it in
Spanish like you're going down the
sanctuary everything we have here on
this land here is more than 100 almost
12030 hectares that people were
saying hectare is not Ray Yes here it is
37 it would be 37
hectares the thing is that what I have
is about 6 Med hectares nothing more than what
I bought I understand that because I
don't have money to buy we're talking about
20% of what it is or in other words, the size is
20% of what the current sanctuary is and I
have I have 6 h and Med nothing more and
what he feels is that it's a
little bit small Compared to what he has
here it's like he has to take you from a
big house to a two-room apartment so that's
the problem that he feels like he's
lost everything he's fought for  during
man that don't fit also don't fit
hectares don't fit we are talking about
heas that would be more or less like the
part where we Ramos where
the houses are It would be more or less the
visible part of what is the sanctuary
that people walk all of that does not include the
savannah or the Camp nothing nothing a little bit
there all the deer and all
the Yes we
are looking at that because I
have in mind that if Google tells me Go ahead,
start I'm going to leave next week we are going to
start putting the base
around sorry can you improve
the audio a little bit let's see I know it sounds
a little bad but it is
the best with well you can improve it
a little no no no I am not with the mask I am not
with the mask I am glued to the
router and I am in it it could be that
the sound goes in and out I don't know if you
have a bad connection there or something yes it is
possible let's see now now I pee
now I pee
and me when the boo if he tells me Go ahead I'm
going to d I have the Earth and I start
to close it so that between now and the end of the year
we can  to moderate all the animals and so that
nothing is left there and that the whole thing can be moved
the issue is that if he tells me that we are
going to do it directly there and he is
going to stay in Bangkok in the
shelter what I am going to do is try to
buy more land in the
front and around it to
have it bigger in total if it
could
reach 40 Ray the total and
I will try to buy in front about 20 Ray
more I don't know how in hectares because I don't know
the conversion but add it up let's say it
reaches 60 there 60 Ray And how much is the
sanctuary for me to compare How much is the
sanctuary now sanctuary
will it be about 120 130 Ray man well 40
50 we would be talking about almost half
Yes because of that but what happens is that
imagine it is like you
have a mansion and they send you back
environment that is why the bu feels like
a defeat no but well the other day
I was looking at the plan from above of the
entire sanctuary and man yes it is
true that the one you have now is much better
but also  it would be enough with
half
eh yes but you imagine that something
is yours and that you feel is yours and it is what I
mentioned today that I said Look
this stone is mine And that is what
mentally kills you from saying Well in the
end this was not mine and and I have nothing
now and it breaks your soul that he has
worked so hard for so many years he has
messed with an elephant with a thing with this
with that other animals the snakes his
[ __ ] mother and it ends up like this he
feels defeated But that is why I ask
all the people who are listening and
who love him very much to give him their support
but do not break his balls please the
moment that he is going through but it is very
important Please do not
bother anyone on their networks, do not
insult anyone because there are people
that I do not know who take things as if they
were their own personal do not go
insult anyone, do not insult
anywhere and do not go to anyone's Instagram
to bother that is very important because you
heat up and worsen the
atmosphere and another important thing is also that
leave  of throwing ideas at me and
bubu of not acting like
brothers-in-law of I have this idea I have
this idea me I mean right now guys it
's not the time
I'm a lot but right now It's not the
time to throw ideas about anything if he knows
more than everything and I'm here aware of
everything and we are between the two of us But there are
people who start sending ideas I have this I have that
yes Well with good
intention it is with good intention but of
course it's no good right now because I
think that days have to pass and
calm down and think about it calmly no and
consider all the options there are all the solutions there are and Hey it's definitely possible right now he feels like he's defeated that's why I told him to stay calm, to stay thinking with the guys or there in the shelter to rest his head and to think about it
calmly because things get
better when they're calm yes yes yes Totally agree I
gave it to him he can never be calm if you
're breaking the other one's balls to
the chimango and you guys start with your
little things and you put it on 70 networks and
send us a video look what  He said this look what
the other one said and in the end they fill your
head I understand that you want to
help but what you are doing is
counterproductive at this moment I
told him last night not to tell yet
and running he put a tweet running to
this morning already done this morning there
what time is it now
now Here it is 99:30 Okay so
this live is ending which is the one we
are watching and such I say I wait
but of course it is there
Things are happening all day Every day he is
receiving blows and every day there is
a new
development it is
that defeated at this moment it is like
when a girlfriend leaves you and you say okay I will never
get her back and that is the same
feeling but this imagine that it is
his life project that he has been
with that all his life yes yes the AC
feels like me what I told him that nothing
is lost and if there is something that comes
because of this because of this circumstance it is
for something and nothing nothing bad comes eh everything
comes for something good in the end yes yes it is yes it is like that it is
for something it is because the
same this land tomorrow I don't know it will
flood or whatever for me everything has
one way and everything will fall into place
in the future there we're going to realize
that okay it was because of this now people
don't understand it and of course it sucks
but when things happen it's for a reason maybe it
was time for
bubu to withdraw from the
networks of everything and stay calm he
has support from the people and not continue
getting into trouble there came a
time that you know so that the
big ones the highest of all remain
there in a good position and that it doesn't
continue because in the end he's going to [ __ ] himself
dying of a heart attack
or because he won't stop
smoking then there comes a time
when okay this is why grandpa's health was saved you
have to understand that
things happen for a reason and if it arrived at this
moment you have to find out that it's for a
reason Let's give time time and
things will fall into place but
no don't start giving advice from brother-in-law
and don't go saying anything to the chimangos
things will get worse
kid I think that he should
take a little break people are  here
waiting for him and when when you're cold
and you're calm let's see how this goes, it's
not going to be calm tomorrow or
the day after or the next or next week
but hey, the people are here and the people
are here waiting for him and when
they find the solutions, let him pass it on to us
and whatever is in our
hands to all of us who are there,
well, we will do what we have to do, what
he asks of us, we will be there, we will
all be there and cheers for supporting each other and
remember to say hi to grandpa
and keep things great A kiss chin
anything you need me call me and I'll
tell you what you need but let's not
send out wrong information because then
people will break your balls How is this how is that
worth a hug man I
love you Goodbye bye l I love you very much bye bye
Thanks in I already put it I already put it
the audio was a little weird But
well, trust me, look
eh of course let's see The thing is that all of us who are
here, okay,
my audio is always heard very low
But this is a problem that I have to
fix somehow and I don't know
which one  and look I have the amplifier eh I
mean I don't know if giving it Here also I do
n't know if it happens to those of you who have the microphone
this the sh that the microphone only
appears in one channel no for example the
desktop audio has two channels and
the microphone only has one I don't know
why I'm completely sure
that I have this
configured wrong what I said okay let's keep
watching Fran's live Whatever
Fran does and whatever he needs and whatever he
needs we will be here
pending and we will do what he
asks and what he needs no I
mean we are a lot of people and let's go
when he already decides cold Hey
look the best move would be imagine
Well look we have found this land
I honestly let's see I'm going to
see if I can find a plan of the
sanctuary that I saw one before and I don't know where it was
look look
here is the sanctuary okay
eh Here is the sanctuary okay very well
Look this is the door the sanctuary okay
This is the entrance of the sanctuary This is
what you always see okay This is
what you always see the whole area is
where you see no that we are over
here with the kangaroo  with the otters
here now there's like a bathtub not
where I bathed with him with the otters
no and with Lorena and such no and I
go in here no this way I go in this way
and here the kangaroo accompanies me to my
house that was here no this way more like
no Here yes here okay And here is Lucia
Look here is Lucia
okay well this is the sanctuary Okay
Okay this way let's go okay Here is
the lake today no and here is the
river you can see the
river
so all the
animals are here luckily no this can't be seen with
the cameras and over here let's see if I can
locate it of course let's see all this It's that it
wasn't finished here they are they haven't even
put up the whole fence You can see here it was
n't even put up the whole fence
but here all of this look all of this is the
camp okay all of this is the
camp let's say that
by let's say that by let's
see if there's another one let's see
if there's
[Music]
another one is that I wouldn't know how to differentiate here
the one of the
avest I do believe that the plan is for
Frank to  anger rises and leukemia
finish the job because otherwise why
tell him and expect him to get the money and
then say no
nothing but that no No man no I don't think he
's an unstable person I mean I don't
even think Yuji has plans of course I do
n't know Ah of course of course of course of course of course wait Wait wait Yes
yes that's true of course I'm
wrong This is the one with the ostriches
no this
square is that I didn't know Locate the one with
the ostriches but of course it's this one
no this square
are the ostriches
no all of this this rectangle are the ones with the
ostriches Of course of
course and here would be one of the
entrances to the ostriches and here the
other one and this is the
camp of course It's that here was the
land up to here you see it Of course it did
n't fit to me here the
theme of the adventures over here of course I mean
Look over here This is the lake you go into
the river
okay And over here where the
deer usually are around here look the deer are
loose around here okay okay This is one
of the entrances to the ostriches okay
that for me it was an exit  when I made the
video of where the ostriches For me it
was an exit that sitting here grab plex what
of the evening okay Eh okay and all this
rectangle is what the avest trues and
now over here is the other entrance and
this here is the camp of
course
listen to me Let's see it's not it's not your thing
terrible what you're doing and cheer up Frank this is
lamentable of course let's see it's not the same
but with half the land I think
you'll see how to get out of it Let's
see it's not your thing Of course but but
well we're talking about that they've
taken it away yes no more I mean
we're talking about that they've taken it
away
okay of course So I understand I don't know if
chi is still listening to me I
understand that a contract will be one
property will be one thing another property will be
another and another property will be another maybe
no yeah maybe
These are two properties
Maybe this other one is
another one is chi looking at one looking at a
land in a place that we could
rent and
adapt so that the larger animals
could be
there I have to talk to people because
I need trucks
I need I need little by little to do it right
here at the shelter I'm going to make changes
substantial
so that the smallest animals can enter
and for now that's all I
can tell you I don't have I don't have any more idea I'm
telling you right now buying
land is out of place eh buying
this
land eh is out of place because they
change you and and they threaten you and you and I'm not going to be
with this I'm not going to be with
this I'm [ __ ] kiss Ftima
here I invested my dream the dream of my
whole life And well then it will be
transformed into plots so that
people can build little houses and that's it and they'll be
happy
eh I can't give more it
seems like a month I've been fighting
against this for months months practically since April
eh I've been fighting against this I can't
find anything
and I couldn't be more sincere
Ah I know that I change one day and I change the next and
maybe the next day I'll think something else But you
're dealing with very volatile people
eh people
[Music]
all this is tele5's fault for paying
yuji she didn't sell the
sanctuary something like that is what Dallas put
on Twitter no but I don't know if I
agree with that The truth I mean I think
that if I was  in his
condition if he was in his condition of
Yuji to be like that okay And to handle himself like that
surely when the time had come
for the signing eh he would have messed it up
no he would have also made a note
too I really think that if that
was in her condition if it hadn't been for
that it would have been for something
else is that in fact I am what I
tell you the issue that t5 paid
Pacha I saw it as good in the
sense that look it would help him
accept what was achieved in Kick
and not put so much pressure on Fran you know look he
speaks badly
but but Fran with his children and with his
sanctuary and now Say what you want
and you already
know it is that I do not believe that I believe
that the hate of the people and
Frank's last interview with Javy was
that it angered the lady in addition to the
Dallas interview which was only hate
without providing information about
what Dallas interview Dallas has
also uploaded an interview I have not
seen it I will refer you to the video maybe I
saw the ones with
the lines but let's see It's that
Fran's interview but if she is
giving an interview be it in what can
change for her or get angry because
Fran came and gave her
version but if she had already given five
interviews in Thailand and then she came
here to the other Chronicle and gave hers and they
were posting comments on
Instagram and I don't know what I don't know
how much I don't know if I don't know to what
extent or the
philosophical phrases and they really don't give
a
[ __ ] about anything
for me it's important that
my children have spoken it seems very important
because because it's something they wanted to do
and they have
done it and I think that everything is reflected there
now they can say whatever they want They
can say everything is going to be said about
me everything is going to be said they are going to
invent whatever it takes to try to
turn something around that is good
in the media and publicly Maybe it
works for them but of course it's
not going to work with my children Well because
[Music]
but it seems s from the movie of s
virgin FR here look with your
hair Look with your hair
note
Hey enter mu salse
before I have to see it for you I'm calm
but of course you translate this
you don't translate this Look at the tennis
player Look at the tennis player Rafa nothing seems
Antonio flag Hey I  I've said
many times I don't know why but they
give me they give me an air Yeah but it doesn't even
have subtitles you don't have any
subtitles or anything It's that Thai is
special man to
translate it the special Thai is
special
Me because my children are the ones who have lived it
with me
and and I'm telling you they're the ones who have told me
dad get out of there Get out of there because you'll
never ever get that they're going to screw you they're going to make
you
dizzy and appear we all know what's going to
happen in a week two weeks
three
weeks
when when they pay him
a lot of money they're talking about
100,000 for various
things and he won't need this money
from the sanctuary for a while with which he will
continue to be dizzy
and I'm telling you when it
starts you won't need money of course that's why I'm
telling you it's
what I'm telling you or rather the fact that they
paid him a pacha I mean you have to
talk to my lawyer You have to
talk to so and so
Look, I bought this place
eh I made it I
made a paradise out of a
dry land and that's it and it's lost
and it's lost now obviously I'm quite Well
with little desire to do
anything I don't know how many days I've gone without making
a video but there comes a time when I ca
n't take it anymore no I don't give it I don't have the
life I have to I'm telling you redoing a lot of
things in the shelter Javi for God's sake don't
miss chi's last video at
minute 2.20 it's priceless
But where are chi's videos on
kick
I have to start moving
animals and between now and
Christmas Well the sanctuary freedom
will disappear to
[Music]
see what the [ __ ] is this
like a bicycle There she is all
crazy What are you saying girl what [ __ ] crazy you
're saying I don't believe it
girl I'm only talking like a
bicycle There she is all crazy
What are you saying girl what [ __ ] crazy you
're saying I don't believe it
girl what do you want to
tell you Why did you decide that here I'm going
to tell it I would also come to Spain yes
sir but with the situation in
Spain I can't go because I'll lose my
mind and they'll put me in jail the next day I already
told what happened the last time I went that I
joined  silly a waitress said I
tell her give me a coffee beautiful she said beautiful your
[ __ ]
mother pu is
ch stop bothering me marmot that you are not
going to the doctor don't be a pain in the ass what
balls Instagram from bub or dg to Paloma
that I am not going to
message emergency for
real V from Youtube from let's ad we already
saw it idiot arrived
late experience
nationality not because of my nationality no
because I never reveal nationality I say
that I am Spain like they don't know what I
am talking about the only thing they know here
that I am
Spanish I never reveal my nationality and it is
[Laughter]
known and there is no more I can't I can't
negotiate
with people who do have the accent
of Albacete and who are going to profit from
my work, my effort, my
sacrifice and the suffering of a
family I can't because especially
because they are going to keep me
dizzy for as long as they want
Thank you for taking it away beautiful look here
we have the map of the sanctuary
okay another way but look here we
have it it is upside down okay the other one
was the
other way around this one is upside down okay here would
be the entrance eh Where is the
entrance  Where is the entrance Here this
is the entrance okay so here would be the
entrance okay look and also here it is more
current a little more current look here is
the
entrance let's go what I wanted to tell you with
this is that man that yes it is
true that man although it is not his thing
but it is true that with less
uh land it could also be done and nothing happens
okay look this is the entrance okay so I mean
This is the whole part this one
that you see okay over here the the
part this one where here where my house is
no and over here where I record the videos
with loco no over here the lake the river okay
And you see this rectangle like we
talked about of course wait of course it is that
then in the map that I showed you
Before there were three parts of or rather there were
fewer parts of the
sanctuary of course look now I
understand it well Look I'm
going to show it to you Look I'm going to show it to you look look
here is the river no and now over
here there is an entrance to the ostriches
That here there is like a forest and so on that
where the deer are all this part
here of the deers and all that stuff
this is not  You see through the cameras, you don't
see this through the cameras, that's why we have
n't seen the little dog, we have
n't seen it in a while, it's over there
and here it goes into the ostrich area, here you
go into the ostrich area, okay,
here it goes into the ostrich area which is
here, like a lake, here there is I don't know what,
okay, the platform here I'm seeing it
and this is where I went into
the ostriches the other day to
feed them, okay, that's the camp, look at it, you see it's the camp,
okay. Here is the camp.
Look at this square thing you see here, it's the
reptile area and this other square thing
you see here is where the
meerkat area is now and the snake area the other
day that the tarantula people put me in.
Okay, and here is the thing where the
[ __ ] goat is, it's
heavier than [ __ ], okay, here, okay, okay. And
here the whole thing and all this
part is a forest that I haven't even
seen, all this part is a forest that I have
n't even seen, look how big it
is, okay, of course.  Here what I see I don't
know if I'm wrong but what I
believe here Is that the sanctuary well this is a
contract more or less
okay this part is a contract
this part of the ostriches is
another This is another and This is another because this this
is the last one this was not This
is the
last one then Of course I understand that with
less let's see it's not ideal because the
ideal is to expand it more and more
but with what chi is saying I
love you Javi thanks for everything you
do no I don't do anything I'm covering the
information I'm covering the information
with a touch
of with a different touch because Fran is
a person that I appreciate a lot and
the sanctuary has been Well something very
important in my life it's
not a it's the story of my life
No but I don't do anything that shouldn't be
done it's what has to be done okay
[Music]
I never thought in my [ __ ] life I
always thought not to see a second home
either Edgar I've been twice but
man it's a
different experience what do you think of
Dallas' death threats Ricky yes
Bruno I think right now Bruno is the
people here Wishing that  let's say the
[ __ ] stupid message that
Dallas sent to your idol 25 years ago I think it
's super important and current and super
relevant really
Bruno I think it's the let
's go the teletabis channel the
xenon farm channel and the
Pocoyo channel you can search for it in the YouTube search engine
and enter and there is content
for you right now we are
talking about
adult things I was saying I was telling everyone here
that I was going to bury myself in the
sanctuary
and a very curious thing that I did is
that I would kick a rock
and I would say to Lunchi many times
and to Paloma and I would say [ __ ] do you realize
that that rock is
mine And that rock wasn't
mine that rock wasn't mine that's how it is I
just wanted to tell you this
that there is not going to be an agreement there is no agreement they
are making my piz dizzy I am
trying to
buy a part buy another you can't be like
this you can't be like this you can't
be thinking that tomorrow they will sell you
a piece of the
sanctuary you can't be like this I can't
be like this the animals either I have to
find a
solution I'm telling you now it's complicated
everything is very complicated  because I have I
am here in Bangkok four days a week I
am coming and going
eh At the moment Zorro is here until
Christmas but I have already told him that at
Christmas he has to get on with his life From
January onwards he has to get on with
his life and I have to organize everything
well
[Music]
and And there is no more there is no more There are no
bad
words or bad gestures I
simply do not want to
negotiate for something that I have bought and
built with my hands with my
effort and I already tell you with my sacrifice
with my love and with everything and with everything
that I have done
Mm Mm they don't
deserve it they don't
deserve it and it's bad for the animals
Yeah but give me time
give me time
[Music]
and I'm sure something nice will
come out what the
[ __ ] at the moment I have to adapt
everything obviously right now I don't have much
desire to do absolutely Nothing I'm like get
back to saving up to keep
working every day but
but it's going to have to be done I mean I
can't just sit down in a
chair now and start crying and a lot of people
will say Uh look how she's crying I'm not
crying but I am  crying inside
obviously and I want to explain all of this
because this sanctuary was set up with the
people who are there
the people who are
there every day the people who have been Well that
being
members the people who have been
supporting the live shows the videos
eh the projects that were coming out
inside the sanctuary the illusions that we
were
[Music]
creating and I tell you if you are capable of
creating a paradise once I believe that
maybe maybe it can be created
again possible that it could be created again
but today the truth is I have very little desire
to create
anything very
little but in a few days I'm sure I'll feel like it but right
now
I'm
defeated but I'm not defeated because they
called me and told me n as it is I
am defeated
because of course I am seeing it
with all the passion from within and when
from the outside they
make things clear to you And they tell you
Look this is happening like this like this like this This is
going to happen like this like this there is
very little I can
do it is that it is already giving in to a
person who has already been given
enough or rather it is  that in itself is a
mistake to see Let's see, it's not that it's a mistake
family to have trusted this person
that this person when he gets out of
jail well of course I understand that it's
better not let's see it's that of
course now Search
[Music]
and now Search for videos
of Yuji everything that comes up is
current not what's happening
now but
but he was a person who was well of
course a person who was well the one who was
supposed to be trustworthy
Because look the mother of my children is not
going to do that to me no no she's not going to take away my
Sanctuary
look here I didn't have the sanctuary
yet
A4 let's see guys today I've been here for one day today I
've been here for several days but today I'm
exhausted and we have to put
this little guy, the sausage, to swim for the first
time This video is from 3 years ago Okay and
Yuji is going to put it on because the thing is that I
'm like for few things here
the team comes out come on chichoni
come on ...  take
it Nothing better take it take
it so that it comes out this is that it
is the first time that of course they are very
small Vera ma Vera Okay, so we are
going to introduce it to the water, to the
big water it has already been put in buckets of
water And such But today is the day
that it is going to suffer a little because at
first it does not like it Eh At first
they do not like it at
all boyfriend and girlfriend
What a shame
no an
of I think that trouble is coming
eh I think that trouble is coming
eh And they are teasing me they are teasing me
and the most what bothers me the most is that on
top of that they are going to profit they are going to profit
with then I will tell something Stan by a
kiss Stand By Thank you very much they are going to
profit they are going to profit from this
and they are going to profit
Well with the
[Music]
lands the boot is going to be put on we will
surely start this
week to reform the
shelter we will start with the reform this
week no Sara to be tonight direct it
depends on the issues that there are I have
met today with the family and I have that with
Enrique and that
[Music]
and as soon as I can I'll start bringing is that
we'll be picking up little ones I'll start
bringing you
here subscribe just in case okay
subscribe just in case to watch
normally you know that the
interviews and all the videos that I'm
making related to this topic okay
And the videos of the sanctuary I have uploaded
to the main Channel Pili Thank you very much
for those five members but if
suddenly a bomb live happens that
suddenly there is Some quick news that has to be
stayed okay eh
well you know that I usually connect
here in the salsera okay or that they catch me
telesalseo okay then all of you who
are here right now hit the
subscribe button in case suddenly I have
to connect okay with any
news I tell you we are trying to
rent a some land has gone has gone ch
to look at a
[Music]
land that we
could probably rent and And place the
bigger animals
and as soon as we could well
we would get in sea has been tated
and has released 10 pounds a lot of fat keep your
spirits up
Fran we would get into in
another land and in and
in another monar another sanctuary
sol2  Thank you very much but no, you don't usually have
money now, it's that now money
eh Let's see, money is not being
asked for right now, okay, the cco days of
live that were done and the
money that was raised was raised, okay, so right
now Fran has a
blocked mind, no, no, because he doesn't come
up, say, well, come on, we'll do a
crowdfunding Come on, we donate and I don't know
what, no, no, money is not being asked for
now, okay, when there is a plan, when there is
a plan, then
Fran will say, well, look, this is what I'm
going to do and these are the ways to
help, okay, imagine. Hey, it's
rented land. Well, look, I have to
pay so much each month, I have to this
and I have to that and then,
well, you are members, you are
subscribers and all these things, no. And and
we're maintaining the new land and the
rent. Hey, but look, I'm going to buy
land, okay, well, Hey, look, I
need it, can I buy it with the money
that we have raised? I can't
buy it. It's that here, you have seen, right here, you have just
experienced that
money does not solve
everything, I mean, look at what we have
done  what we have done okay And now
suddenly the conditions of the agreement have
changed
okay
eh what can I tell you the conditions have changed it
could be returned
The conditions could be made of course let's see how to be
able to now change the conditions and it is
also possible those conditions can be made
with more time Okay then Hey,
look now people
renew next month and we renew
the subscription again next month and all that
stuff okay but of course now maybe you
do it And now the next one
takes you in two months and changes you again
and asks you for more you know how of course
this situation is a problem So
in the end we have done I think I think what
could be done has been done I think
what could be done has been done but there comes a
time when you realize that the
best thing is to say
look we have to disassociate ourselves from this
lady [ __ ] what Yuji has done eh
man
what Stela has done
man it still seems
very
annoying to me it still seems very shocking to me
eh it's that he could have done
1000 other things
eh it's very heavy
uh
and that's what it is it's
going to take a while to be
able to collect all the animals there are
many that are going
to there are many that are going to perish I know
because there are changes for many animals
that are
impossible
So the animals have been a
[Music]
bargaining chip and simply saying that I'm not going to
deal with these people I don't trust
[Music]
and I know that sooner or later they will come up with
something else and apart from that knowing that they are
going to profit
from me because in the end it's going to start giving
birth to me is nothing else
well the truth is that it's not and that's what
my children have told me uh it's over it's over
[Music]
and about picking up Zen when I picked her up
that they wouldn't let Zorro into the
compound and that they had to threaten
the guards there and such And I don't want any of
that I'm fed up I'm very tired of
all these dramas of all these things
that seem like a soap opera and it's over it's over
so between now and
Christmas we will try somehow to
solve all this
and that's it
And that's all I wanted to
tell you No  I don't have the strength to make
a
video or to continue live
today today I can't but it's over There's no more there's no
turning
back we've
lost and it's not that I don't want to fight it's that I
'm going to win it's that there's no way
and all that money that people have
donated is going to be saved so that
in the future we can
set up another sanctuary obviously some of the
money I'm going to have to use to
renovate here at the shelter and
rent and rent some land But
obviously I'm going to try not to touch
any of that money that has been
donated
and use the money that I continue to earn
every month okay Of
course I'm telling you right now I'm
defeated but I'm not
finished either When you fall you have to get
up and when there's a problem you have to
find a solution and that's it
what saddens me the most is having built a paradise and that greed avarice and lies manipulation and above all selfishness are going to finish it off I can't take it anymore I can't take it anymore I was watching a bit of what people are saying on Twitter the total land is
like eight or nine
pieces they can sell you some and then they
increase the price of the rest or
nine pieces
you can sell some and then
increase the price of the rest Of course it
's obvious
chi chi you would know you would know how much They
could be
bought you would know how much They could be
bought with what we
did
and I'm going to do the best I can for the
animals
in every
way it's
worth two and a
half pieces I think it was the Let's see it's that of
course it depends on what he
asks you he can ask you for one thing today tomorrow
another Maybe Yuji has surpassed
Amber
here let's see of course with the price he
initially set three parts but no longer they are no longer three
parts they are
no longer three
parts it was that he needs something from here
for his room the good thing is
Queen is happy she is happy in her
room we have been cooking we have been Already
eating
sitting down which she hasn't done in a long
time and and everything is going to be fine
school on
Monday
And and that's it and I think that's all I
had to say She hasn't overcome it yet
but she's on her way she's on her way she's on her
way Hey whatever interview she wants to
give whatever interview this woman wants to give
t la marinera
eh t la marinera
eh today I'm not leaving I'm leaving Thailand I'm not
leaving Thailand my  daughter is here my
daughter is here I'm not leaving Thailand
Ah
[Music]
no That's it guys that was all I
had to say thank you very much And I hope
that more or less everything has been clarified more or
less I'm not going to I'm not going to deal with
people who are going to profit then
by going to give birth to me or whatever they are
going to change me every day and I'm
telling you when they start you have to
talk to my lawyer with me don't talk you
're harassing me on the phone with
questions the other one writing things out
there I'm not for this I'm not
for this
leave pending bills but it's time
that you let yourself be helped by your
true friends and listen to them and set up a
better sanctuary Look maybe sanctuary than
Monte now is better who knows
No maybe now the sanctuary than
Monte is better who knows you know I mean I've
behaved very well
my mother and and the proof is that my three children
are
with me and here there is no manipulation here it
's a life experience so
guys I'm leaving you here with the images
of the sanctuary today
but but
I I I'm
moving from here in front because  no I don't
even look good
sad day eh Javi here in Spain if
Fran goes to an interview he could sue her let's
see Ana Snchez I understand that jumping to
conclusions right now about something
eh before it happens is a bit
hasty I mean because of the fact that they ca
n't sue you from an interview it
would depend on what you say in the
interview let's see I understand that if he
accuses him I understand that if he accuses him of
crimes Yes of course man eh I understand that
yes I also tell you we would have to analyze
if it is considered a response to
the statements that Fran has already given I mean it would be
very relative eh We would have to see
of course what what he
says what he says in that
interview
okay super bummed me out seeing him this
morning Well I went to bed with these
okay I went to bed with these and
basically
Well last night I already knew a little bit about how
the atmosphere was and I knew some things
because before going to bed
Fran already told me Okay so eh we'll have to
see what is what is
happening How this is escalating and if they
find a solution the truth is
complicated complicated  It's
quite
complicated, I'm not going to lie to you,
a quite complicated relationship for a
long time, but I never thought that I
never thought that I was going to do something, it's
strong, not for you, it's strong. What's
happening, no, and what is being
asked of your father right now, you didn't
expect it, no, not at all, not at all. My
father has always paid for everything, we've never
had problems with money or anything
because he's helped me, me,
and my mother, my mother more
than anyone else. So something like that seems
very, very
strong to me, a quite complicated relationship,
since she's not doing anything for the
family, she's not a mother, she's not doing a
mother's job, this guy is a fox,
another son of Frank Cuesta, who has spoken
about the whole Yu issue, the sanctuary,
etc., she's when she's not
ashamed, let's see, she's not thinking
well, she spoke with Javi Oliveira who
uploaded the video and interviewed him,
asking him a little about how
he's experiencing the situation with
drugs and such. And what's happened in his
life, the drug issue, for me, is very
strong. Because I know, I know what you've been
through, I was there with her, for me, I
feel like my life is a bit, a bit
like a lie.  7 years waiting
for her, she's
done in 4 years, I haven't seen Fran so
totally dejected, but of course, let's see.
This is really, really hard, it's really
hard, and on top of that, things are happening
so fast that we don't have
time to process it. Look, I was saying it
yesterday in the video that I uploaded on this
channel, just when we were at the
premiere of the interview that I did with him, it
was, uh, when I started to
process everything that was happening and the
whole conversation with Zorro, I mean, I have to, I do
n't know if I'll find the time
tomorrow or later, but I have to
watch the chat with
Sape again because I have
n't assimilated the chat with Sape, I mean, this
was like, very, very suddenly,
we were. Well, in fact, I think the
chat with Sape, I think it was the first
day, no, I mean, we were doing things, I don't
know what, I don't know
how much, and then, well, Sape wanted to
talk, Zorro wanted to talk, uh, from the
first day, what happens is that
Sape had just finished the interview and I say, Okay,
but let's see, Zorro spoke, now all of a
sudden. Okay, but Zorro wanted to, he
wanted to express himself, he needed to. Okay
so in one of these Well I think it
was while the emur emur no
emu emu no While the emu was coming and
these people were unloading the animal well I
got with fox and I recorded this that
if you notice I don't even appear but
things happen like Every day you have to
assimilate you know and
then there's no other choice no What's going on out
there trying to go see her every week
that I couldn't because I had school and
all that money it's crazy what she's
saying is quite strong coming from a
kid who is very young who has lived through
everything that he has lived through that
we know and that she's not doing
anything to us Let's see, the fox is literally
a warrior I was saying it in
yesterday's video okay he's a kid who
well has had several problems
okay he didn't have a palate he didn't have hearing and I
was saying it all okay he's a kid who
has undergone 11 operations
for 11 operations including two
heart operations okay And the guy is still there
talking to you It's that of course people are
saying Ah the Spanish no no it's not that the
Spanish it's that he didn't speak any
Spanish ago  It's been a year since I spoke
any Spanish, man, look how mature
those two kids are, eh, I mean, they're
very, very, very mature kids,
eh, how they realize things and
how they speak and with what maturity they speak to you,
no one else. Maybe I would tell you at that
age, he does
n't speak Tai, man, of course, Robin. How could he not
speak Tai if he's
Icelandic, but he does speak, I think he speaks
Chinese, he also speaks a few
languages, they also speak a few
languages, Japanese, he was a
warlock, grandpa, the best thing he can do
is leave that place sometimes you have to
start from scratch somewhere else,
better things can come, cheer up Frank, but
leave that place, but not that
sanctuary, but not Thailand, but
damn, wow, wow,
with all the work you've done, you
have to leave, wow,
with all the work and everything you've
achieved, you have to leave eh
Why do you know? Let's see, wait, they just
put something in the chat that I'm going to check, let me go for
a moment, I'm going to
check something out,
man, let's see,
eh, it's suspicious but I don't believe it, eh Let's
see,
wait, no, I don't believe it.
Ah, I don't believe it, no, no,
no  is talking about Catalonia and stuff like that It's
not that they sent me an account
saying a Twitter account that would be that it would
be Yuji talking on a
Twitter account not that he's messing with Fran
and all
No but no Let's
see, it's true that he's
like
mentioning things that you say no the
girl usually goes to the beach with her mother I don't
know but I don't think it's her
because they're talking about Spanish things
too
Oh no it has nothing to do with it it has nothing to do with it
okay people Well, I think we're
going to leave it
here because we don't have anything left to
see I'm going to look for a moment to see if there's
any
more news what seems very strong to me is that and
and she still wants to squeeze Frank
until she almost sees him bedridden and
with the consequences for her
children but everything that's going on is very strong I
mean the simple fact of the
sanctuary is already very strong
eh the simple fact of the sanctuary
is very strong
well in short Okay I'm going to
prepare some things okay I don't know if now I'm
going to go to telesalseo for a while
and deal with some things that are there
Okay And in short, we have to
give Fran a lot of encouragement, okay
But don't be
[ __ ], okay Don't be [ __ ], what do I
mean? I mean, don't
go there on anyone's social media to
insult, to mess with anything, or to exorcise
anything, okay. What I
think and what I
believe HM, what I
think we have to do,
okay, is keep Fran encouraged. Okay, and
that and that he gets excited, and that and that's
good, that we have to move forward, that we have to, that we have to
continue. No, the
animals aren't understanding anything, and we have to
continue there, eh,
and when things start to clear up a bit and
his head starts to cool down a bit, well, let's
consider what possibilities can be
done, okay, listen, it suddenly occurs to me
that by joining this land of chi with
this other one that's around. Hey, maybe
with the money that we've gotten
here we can expand this land that's
here, okay, eh. And basically,
eh, let him find the best solution,
let him communicate it to us, no, and
look, there are a lot of us who are
here and what we are waiting for is what
he  say and whatever you need, well,
surely such no, uh, money is not being
asked for. Okay, right now, Okay,
that live was done, I'll say it very clearly
so that people don't think that now
we're asking for more money, it's being asked for.
No, no, no, okay, or right now,
money is not being asked for. Yes, man,
whoever wants and feels like it and and and it suits them
and and is there supporting Fran, well,
continue maintaining the membership on
the YouTube channel, okay, you become a
member, you can become a member on his
YouTube channel, it would be ideal in fact
if everyone became a member of the
YouTube channel, do you know how to become a
member? It's not that, in fact, I think it
would be quite ideal, no. I mean, at
least to be
there, at least to be there and then we'll
see. Okay, what's
happening? I
understand that everyone knows how to know how to become a member of the YouTube channel, no, better Kick. Well, whatever, but there are a lot of people who don't mind the ki issue, let's see. I'm going to repeat it again. I'm going to repeat it again in Venezuela, it can't be the one.
Victor
Kick, the
YouTube channel, you have yourself.  the
YouTube channel okay And next to subscribe it gives you
a button that lets you
join better the green one well whoever wants
whoever wants eh Because there are people who don't
know about Kick and don't know how to do it
okay And this is no These are I don't know if it's
four duros a
month this I don't know if it's 4 a month or 3 a
month or 5 a month I mean it's nothing it's
inviting them to a coffee okay But since there are so
many
people like there are so many people
today I think there are here look right now there
are 10,000 and some people but We've
reached almost 15,000 this afternoon
here okay I mean if everyone becomes a
member here on YouTube it's a
very
nice help Okay and keep it up keep it up look
2.99 on
YouTube okay retrogames it's that I'm not going to
talk about topics about youtubers in this live
okay there are a few
topics but now I'm going to look at them and if
perhaps we're going to cover them in another live
later okay now I think I'm going to go
telesalseo for a while I don't know Okay
now I'm going to  look Okay, what I said, okay,
here you click the button to become a
member and be there if you want to do
that, okay. I think that right now it can't be
done anymore because maybe the issue
is that it's not money, family, it's that
you're assuming that a
crowdfunding will come, come on. I don't know, maybe you
waste money, look at everything we did
this week and in the end It turns out that you
arrive and it hits you hard,
so you become members and for the
moment you are
there, you are there, it would be a
rush for Fran to feel
supported. If suddenly he finds
When he wakes up, which right now he will be
in bed, it's I don't know what time in
Thailand, it would be 1 in the
morning, it would be, no, 1, it wouldn't be 12, no,
yeah, this has cost
100%, it would be a powerful rush to
suddenly find himself with 10,000
new members, as if to say, here
we are, where there is a fight,
master, it's 10 at night, it would
n't be there, yes, that's true, it would
n't be 11 or 12, eh,
you've flipped, eh. Let's see, [ __ ]  I'm not
crazy about it, believe me, there are 11 or 12,000
people here, and I'm telling you that right now they're
not asking for anything or
collecting anything or anything like that. Because
right now there's no plan, the
plan was to pay this chick for the land,
to pay for the land that already belonged to
Fran, but to
pay them with the sanctuary, but well,
since the sanctuary isn't going to be possible,
well, Fran is paying that rent, OK,
right now, Fran is paying that
rent until December when the
contract is valid, and after the
rent is paid, whatever has been planned is
fine, but the thing is that there's no plan right now,
the thing is that there's no plan. Okay, well, leave it to me,
then we'll
see about it, I'm sure it'll turn out well. What happens is that we have to
plan, but I'm sure
something good will turn out well.
Things have to turn out well for good people. Don't you
want to send some support audios or
something? Before we close the live show, do you think it's okay to
send some support audios or
whatever in case Fran watches the live show later
and listens to us or whatever and you send him
some there?
audios if I don't leave eh tell me do you want to
send me some audios but listen to me very
important eh I'll block you eh zero
insults zero disrespect I think we
don't even need to say it we're
adults okay I'll get it
by I would like okay come on I'll get you on Instagram Ok send me
the
audios on Instagram send me the audios
on Instagram Ok and I'll put it okay by Instagram md send me the audios on Instagram and I'll put them up okay and it has chi with the winning stick it's true chi but chi is a thin skin eh chi is a thin skin that starts banning everyone Jai in Thailand It's 5 hours more
than here it's true it's true it's not 5
hours less It's 5 hours more But
then of course it's true it's true it's
10 at night it's true yes but
being with the family if not
the B would be there is not permanent It's 5 minutes dude he
tells me to send me the messages come on I
'm putting it up send me the messages on
Instagram go I'm putting it up watch
what's up guys watch this video I
already  I know, I know, I'm driving, but
look, the camera has it, well, I was going to
say a little dwarf, you can't say little
dwarf, black, white or anything, it's a
Smurf, a Smurf who has the
camera on him while driving and I'm telling you that
we've already signed all the papers with
the lawyer, now in the registry, we have those
papers that are the titles to the
land, it's proven here, so
look at this, uh, look at this, listen to this
carefully, it's what's called chenot and
I think the place is better, no, much better, much better,
the place is much better. The truth is, there are quite a few more
trees, it's good, the place is
great. Tomorrow I'm going to make a
video to tell you that we've already signed all
the papers, the lawyer now each one of
these papers is a piece of land,
okay, here he's
showing you, here he's showing you that
Fran's sanctuary is called chanot. Yeah,
well, the contract. This, okay, here he's
showing you that FR's sanctuary,
which simply has his name, the
registry, we have those papers that are
the titles to the land, it's what's
called chenot and I think the place is
better, no, much better, much better, it's
much better.  site The truth is there are
many more trees it's fine the site
is great tomorrow I'm going to make a
video
but but well what can I tell you that it's already there I mean it's already on its
way last
time like an idiot I trusted everything and I
started to make the grooves to put up the
wall and then right away I didn't want to give you the
cheno So nothing guys
today's video well as always things I suppose
some interesting and some a bit
stupid but inside who I'm making the
video for Look you see they're about to come out
you see that here I know and this is already a
video let's see what this
is this is the refuge that I'm going to look at
some
things Hey I have to go to the Refuge I do
n't have to go to the Refuge no with this he
can't prove that
he paid for it and what's the
point but what's the point there
surely will be this already We would have to
investigate it
calmly me and my team okay
but surely there are tons of
videos surely there are tons of
videos where they talk about the
sanctuary being Fran's and it's put in his
name you understand
surely there will be a lot of
audiovisual documents
like that What's up guys I already know  I know
I'm driving but look
eh but I understand that legally it doesn't matter I
understand that legally it doesn't
matter I mean it's something that is in
her name it's hers that you
made a video saying that the sanctuary
is yours very well It's your show but I
understand that legally it wouldn't matter
the camera has it well I was going to
say a dwarf that you can't say
neither dwarf nor black nor white or anything let's
see I don't know what the laws are like in
Thailand but I don't know
[Music]
if when you go to sign the paper they give you
a contract that the foreigner makes you
sign to say that you reject any
type of
future litigation Yeah okay I mean ch
cha okay I mean apparently in these
contracts it is clear okay apparently
in these contracts it is clear that the
sanctuary is paid for by Frank but Fran in
those contracts rejects any type of
claim
after that let's
see and now people will say now
people of course will say But well but how does it
occur to you to sign that I don't know Of course Let's
see you when you are well with someone and
especially the mother of your children You don't
think
clearly I mean you Imagine that I'm
going to marry  which is for example look
here in Spain it means eh here in
Spain there is this issue of
separation of assets it doesn't come eh that
each one has their own okay or so to me
for example that is one thing I don't know if I
will agree with me that it seems to me
the most intelligent but it also
seems a little
violent to me I mean let's see
Really if you find this has
nothing to do with the sanctuary or with
Fran okay this is my opinion if you you
you are with your girlfriend okay with
who you have been with for a while and with whom you have the
illusion of forming a family and of and
of creating a future together no and you are one I mean
for example me at home We
are one but from the first day
We are one if there is a [ __ ] it is a
[ __ ] for the four of us you understand I mean there is no more there is
no more I mean you how are you going to
leave or so Frank was too cordial and he
trusted the mother of his children
unfortunately the separation of assets is the
only way to cover your back if
something goes wrong Yes but this is different
The thing is that nobody thinks about that
situation that is the worst but it's that  it's
not about separation, it's coming
because here they weren't even a
couple, they were separated, you know, the
thing is that, uh,
you when you get married, which is very good,
eh, I mean, it's well done, I don't know if I would do it
or not, I would do it if I went back,
but I think not, the truth is, let's
see, because you're getting married with the idea that there is a
possibility not
only that you're going to separate
but that you're going to get rid of
yours, you have to have signed Yes, of course Yes, I understand, of course Yes, of course Yes, of course Yes,
actually,
seeing the things that happen Yes, of course Yes,
the answer is clear as to
why, but of course it's a little violent, isn't it
a little strange, I mean, if you're getting married, it's supposed to be
because, of course, it's supposed to be
because you trust that, eh, No, but
of course you don't know what can happen, you don't
know the turn that life can take, the
turn that it can take for people,
but of course it's like a point of
distrust,
no,
strange, of course, it's like a point of
distrust, strange, of course, you never know,
no, no, if it exists and it's done, of course, yes, I do
n't see it as bad, no, no  I see it as logical I see it as
very logical especially when there are
differences in the economic level of
the couple itself between one and the
other but of course it is understood that
today you are not very well and tomorrow
everything goes wrong Of course
H
eh a Smurf has it a Smurf who
has the camera on him at the wheel and to
tell you that we have already signed all the
papers with the lawyer, already the registry
we have those papers that are the titles
to the land it is what is called chenot and
I think that the place is better no and
Much better much better the place is much better
The truth is there are many more
trees it is good the place is
great tomorrow I am going to make a
video let's see we are going to see the audios that you
are sending me on Instagram that you
want us to
put it I'll come back tomorrow and you left me
heart we are many many many many who
love you those who
adore you are with you and do not
worry that if it is not there it will be another
place that you are a very good person and
good people deserve all the best
that happens to them in the world So much
encouragement Fran and we are all with you
on kik on YouTube and on  wherever a
kiss Fran kiss beautiful Sonic you are
loved
Frank not you Javi [ __ ] No lie I
love you too
grandpa but you are sending me in
writing Fran many of us witnessed the
effort and the work it took to have the
sanctuary in those conditions But well
if your peace of mind the emotional well-being
of your children yours and the
safety of the animals is worth giving it to
her who by far does not deserve a
stone then give it to see but the ideal thing
is that you send me audio so that Fran can
hear you written already Read you in the comments box
No of course you are sending me
a lot of text here but all
the messages all the messages you
are sending me are
text I can't read that much Oh you can't
send audios with the first
message
Ah And that because we screw up screw up screw up
Well nothing well you can't send audio
But what's happening have they removed that
now or
what the anti-peace on Instagram but damn we
screw up No but damn
[ __ ] but that is brand new we didn't
do it before Well nothing well it got
screwed  the
idea is ruined the idea is ruined let's
see what we send it to the visa to the
visa number or you're not going to
drive me crazy the cell phone no no no no no you
're going to drive me crazy you're going to drive me crazy
and I'm going to disconnect now eh you're
going to drive me crazy I have to
disconnect now for a while
eh eh I think I'm going to go to I don't know what I'm going
to do now man it's 6-10 the editor
is having a problem with the light that's why
grandpa behave yourself A kiss
Jorge
the video of the main video is
running a little late well it's going to be a little late because the editor has had a problem with the light he has had a problem with the light and it's half dark and it has to continue when the light comes back terrifying in the street in his
street
so the video Anica is gossip
from a youtuber okay it's something that
I wouldn't have liked to have had to talk about
but well if they bring up the subject we have to
answer it's that I don't know what to do I don't know
if I should go to telesalseo And deal with some
things that are  there
pending and give telesalseo a go or
go to or reopen here at the
salseria And deal with the issues that there are at the
salseria but I think the issues at the
salseria at night when I get back or
whatever
okay When I get back and whatever you
know about hiring can editors no
man this editor lives in Madrid that the
power went out on I don't know which street I do
n't know if I should open here again the truth is I do
n't know if I should open here again and comment on
the salseo of youtubers Okay
or or
do it or or do it on telesalseo I
think I should go to telesalseo for a
while because
yesterday I couldn't do anything at telesalseo
so I think I saw myself there you are a bit of a
Maruja friend Of course lentils you haven't
discovered America
friend yes I'm going to prepare the
telesalseo live okay I'm going to prepare the
telesalseo live give me half an hour
and I'll go to telesalseo and comment a
bit
there and then Here we'll reopen at
night I understand
okay I just started following you on
Instagram with my other profile and I can't
no no no you can't send audio if you
want to follow me on instagram because I'm
hot you can follow me on instagram
okay eh but but to send me audio no
no you
can to send me audio you can't
okay if you want to follow me for my physique
you can do it okay It's okay my
Yanni a kiss
Javi have you seen Silvia's hint
auron's mother AB villin yes yes yes yes yes I've
seen her I've seen her I've seen her
later at night we discuss it in
depth but it's going to get complicated
eh it's going to get complicated
eh eh David Serrano You'll see who You'll
see You'll see David Serrano
there's more gossip in kids than
in telesalseo okay well let's see there's always
something I'll tell you what I'll tell you well We'll
have to deal with everything
No, what a shame about the audios eh
What a shame about the audios I would have
liked it the
truth would have been nice
Eh yan thank you very much love for those
10 members
beautiful [ __ ] it has pissed me off the thing about it has
pissed me off the thing about the audios
would have been nice
you would have  it would have been nice Open
here again then at night I'll open
here okay I'm going to go to dinner with
the family and then at
night and then at night we'll
see you Javi have you seen that daras
offered a debate to the boy that Turbo
stole Its content yes rice paper [ __ ]
but I don't know why I offered a
debate I saw a tet this morning
when I woke up it's
true I saw a t when I
woke up but I don't know why I do
n't know why it came out it came
out but oh well Then luare will help me
prepare the live broadcast at night
Okay and we'll discuss everything in depth
because the truth is I have no idea
why he has Or did he say
something about him the r paper
chip I have no idea The
truth is I have no idea the truth of why Or
is it about some topic to debate
on the YouTube channel we could become
besides a crazy wretch please
say it that I call him a scammer oh man oh
man
Hey who has become a member of
Fran's channel During this live broadcast let's see let's
count them there may be 5000
new members today or
not Let's see  raise your hand but those who have
done it here eh
the Vice says he'll give him 3500 for the
sanctuary says Fran okay okay chi I don't
know if you can still hear me over there
chi 3500 bucks he gives the bice how
can he give it to him let's see there's an
account okay have you heard it chi okay eh There's
an account there's an account that
chi put it I'm not
saying it's that Fran doesn't want to put
accounts
okay bubu bubu doesn't want bubu doesn't want let's
see this we have to
this we have to do something you it's that there are
a lot of people who write to me
who want to put let's see
right now money It doesn't solve anything I also tell you it's that
right now the money doesn't solve
anything I understand that it's going to be needed
later when there's a plan but the thing is that right
now there's no
plan but the thing is that there are a lot of people
who write to me to tell me
that I don't know who wants to donate and I don't know
how much they want to donate but of course since there's no
place to donate the only thing that
can be done is the Kick thing and
becoming a member of YouTube But well the
bubu doesn't
want it of course let's see turquoise blue says it's
better to have it for when the
New Earth pays Of course but it's that we don't know what it is, I mean we don't have a plan there's no
plan right now there's no plan
where has he put the ECB for now we have to
wait for
him to say of course there's no plan right now
the money is worth it Yes it's
fine the money is always ah fine and it
stays Ah the money is worth perfect but right
now there isn't and there isn't there's no
plan yes Silvia there will be a lot of
land but right now there's nothing
planned So
everything went wrong yesterday
well tor it went wrong we've been going since we
were born eh but but there's no
plan on sessi army's Instagram let's see
I'm going to try to answer it
Look here sape answered the
comment on sessi's post
He who does things from the heart even
losing
desire to the bice of the more than 10 10000 euros
from the draw for my salary as a deputy
we can give him 3500 euros per month that he
needs to maintain it for me
I'm delighted  fed up with people always
doing well hey well should I
put something here or
what should I put it I put something here I
don't put anything It's that bubu doesn't want us to
say
anything no no no no he doesn't want he doesn't want let's
see what I would say to him to
do the Kick thing let him do it put it
in Kick not the account but put it in
Kick Hey look alb right now
the move is to put it in Kick yes no
Look listen to me let him get mad at me What do you
want me to say Sure sure let's
see this let him get mad
at me my responsibility who
was it [ __ ] [ __ ] it's 3500 bucks a
month we already have the rent
man What do you want me to
say no or what
yes let's go Look boom
sent to see I know it's a I know it's a
bit of a campaign no But what do you want me to
tell you I don't care about that right now
Fran we are all with you I believe
that the values that you defend as a family
Fran we are all with you I believe that
the values that you defend as a family well they have already
seen that your children are
with you and that they support you both the good and
the bad ones already Jai who has been a very
good friend and in these moments it
shows who are there for the
good and the bad so a
big hug a kiss a
kiss let's see the truth is not that
Franco is the nonsense of not taking of not taking of
not taking man we
need to open the sanctuary What do you
want me to
tell you let's see I know that you're putting me
there that there are a lot of people who have
wanted to give money to give him money for
example some youtubers came out not some
streamers no who also wanted to give him
a lot of money and Fran
no and Fran told him he sent him an audio I
was in the audio that the youtubers I
was in the car with Fran when he
sent it to him but okay let's see
listen to me let them put it in the Kick I
mean let's see take this clip take
this clip put it on Twitter okay take this clip
and put it on Twitter
because maybe there is no Maybe there
are people who don't eh maybe there are
people who don't know okay but
just as there are some youtubers there are a
few youtubers  those that Fran
has offered to tell him Hey, I'll give you this
much, I'll give you 100,000, I'll give you 40,000,
I'll give you, I don't know what, 1000 Okay, and Fran
tells you that you're not going to his Kick and you
put it in his
Kick, important, through the web,
through the web, okay, because on mobile,
Google takes a little more
commission, okay, if you're going to put in x amount of money,
if you do it through the computer, okay,
in kiik they're going to take away, I think it's
3, 4, 5%, something like that, to Fran, it's only
okay, commission, but if you do it
through mobile, Google takes a
little more because of the application issue,
so,
eh, everyone who wants to put money in,
okay, everyone who wants to put money in, in
this case, to bice, no, who has put This is
okay, I would appreciate it if you went to the
comment that I put and like it,
come on, I think he'll see it because I
'm verified, okay, I understand that he'll
see my comment, but if you give it a like, okay,
pad, everyone with Frank, a kiss
Jaime Frank tells you no
listen to me put it on him Anyway,
put it on him in
kck Lucia in Thailand has not seen a
sky Frank sometimes life takes us
down paths we never imagined
taking the decision to leave behind
what you have built with so much
effort is an act of wisdom and love
Not only do you
value so much but also for your
family that this new stage is
full a kiss
yire PayPal doesn't work in
Thailand either
Nica PayPal is
not for the mobile it is for the app that
charges much more so you
go you go to your kick
Look you go to your Kick Wait I'm going
to see in case something strange is seen
if I
give it Look host it's very good heo eh
Look look look let's see we were recording let's
see we have come across several
comments from various creators and
various famous personalities and others
who have offered to put up money for
the sanctuary okay to rescue the
sanctuary that right now cannot be
rescued and Fran has rejected it okay
the other day I was watching for example
some streamers who were saying I'll give you
this much and Fran said  No, don't give it to me, no, let's
see, Fran, he's not going to take the money from your
hand, he's stubborn. So what's the
way to do it? Well, of course it can be
done the same.
Well, you come here to Fran's Kick, where they
don't take almost any
commission from the computer, okay, because
on the mobile they do take a little
more from the Google app. Okay,
and you come here to give away, okay, apart
from subscribing, you come here to give away
and look what it says, man, I just saw this,
I didn't know it was like that.
Look, here, here you can choose the
amount you want to give and look,
personalized amount, for example, to
Bice, it says it wants 3500 a month.
Well, to Bice, on the 1st of each month,
okay, well, on the 1st, not the 17th,
starting today, you come here to
Bice and you have to
put how much is the maximum that can be given. Oh,
the maximum is 100. But then
personalized is good, well, you
have to
do it seven times, to Bice, okay, the maximum
is 100, to Bice, well  you have to do it
100 at a time pom pom pom pom and you give him
gifts of 100 seven times and there you give him
the
3500 because when I saw that it said
custom amount I thought you could put
mm there Cristina but but if
whoever is good here puts it there
what happens
if whoever is good and puts it there life
doesn't Hi Javi first of all a lot of
encouragement to Frank and thank you for supporting him
both if they want to transfer to a bank there
is the wise app that has low
commissions and I have paid several
fans of a Thai artist through
that app to buy merch but he doesn't want it It
would be seven donations
of00 Okay but want okay there
are also these streamers who said they
wanted to give him 100000 damn Well if
Fran told you no then you come
here to the k and give it to him if you want to give it to him
okay but important is that there is no
plan right now there is
no plan right now I mean right
now It's not to say
Well well we need so much
the other time he told us that he wanted
so much Okay but  it's that now there isn't that it's that no there's no
plan yet it's not
known what it's going to be it's not known
what it needs okay But well
for whoever wants to continue there
contributing and helping him there's the
issue Javi Fran has said that we don't give him
money now Of course but the thing is that now there
's no plan I'll also tell you what
money he's going to give him or rather how much money does he
want How much it's that there's no plan
right now
I want to feel your body of mine because I don't
have time
well let's see man right now we can
help with it with the rent that needs to be
paid and with the roll We have to
continue with the fight well people I'm
going to leave eh as I said I'm going to have a snack
while I prepare a little
direct at the salsera on telesalseo
Sorry for before leaving and
we're going to leave it here for
tonight I'll come back here to the salsera
if there's any news we'll comment on
Any news and And if there's gossip about
YouTube we'll comment on gossip about
YouTubers that I have a few
pending to comment on  Okay, it would be
interesting if the
main channel had the video today but I don't
know, you're sending me a ton of photos
that you're becoming a member of
Fran's YouTube channel
[Music]
as I said, a kiss Thank you so much
for the little while we had Okay,
see you in a while, in half an hour over there we'll
see you on telesalseo who wants to
go to telesalseo we'll be there
okay gossiping okay okay let's
cross our fingers but you're
in Spain let me
know on WhatsApp Javi okay If I don't
forget I'll let you know on WhatsApp I'm going to
prepare it while I have a snack
and look, the editor already has the light,
the editor already has the light, the
video for the main channel is already running okay
So okay We'll see each other
more later, see you when you leave
for telesalseo, I think in half an
hour I'm going to get ready there to see the
Sof Suco topic with these people and we'll
see it and we'll comment on it Okay and we'll spend some
time there too
and then there will be a video on the
main channel okay a kiss to everyone handsome a
kiss to everyone half an hour  Okay, have
a coffee, whatever, and we'll see you on
Telesalseo. Bye,
beautiful. Oh
[Music]